Use the correct ID for api_management_policy (#15060)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.94.0 (Unreleased)

UPGRADE NOTES:

> * `azurerm_api_management_policy` - resources that were created with v2.92.0 will be marked as tainted due to a [bug](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/issues/15042). This version addresses the underlying issue, but the actual resource needs to either be untainted (via `terraform untaint`) or allow terraform to delete the resource and create it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* `azurerm_api_management_policy` - resources that were created with v2.92.0 will be marked as tainted due to a [bug](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/issues/15042). This version addresses the underlying issue, but the actual resource needs to either be untainted (via `terraform untaint`) or allow Terraform to delete the resource and create it again.
```

BUG FIXES:

> * `azurerm_api_management_policy` - use the correct ID for api_management_policy [GH-15060]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `azurerm_api_management_policy` - fixing the Resource ID for `api_management_policy` when this was provisioned using version `2.92.0` of the Azure Provider [GH-15060]
```
